Change the Militia license to be more in line with the other Human licenses (#5184)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/outfits.txt

outfit "Militia License"
	category "Special"
	thumbnail "outfit/militia license"

> 	description "This is the standard issue license for all pilots that have enlisted to the Free Worlds. It allows said pilots to fly the colors of the Free Worlds and fight for it, and purchase certain ships."

Reviewer: add "or the Militia" to this line

> for all pilots that have enlisted to the Free Worlds

to

>for all pilots that have enlisted to the Free Worlds or the Militia.

> 	description "This is the standard issue license for all pilots that have enlisted to the Free Worlds. It allows said pilots to fly the colors of the Free Worlds and fight for it, and purchase certain ships."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "This is the standard issue license for all pilots that have enlisted in a local militia, but with the formation of the Free Worlds it has also become a license given to all those that fight for the Free Worlds cause, allowing pilots to fly the colors of the Free Worlds and purchase unique ships that the fledgling government has developed."
```
